Project Gutenberg’s Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland, by Lewis Carroll
Title: Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the
it, ‘and what is the use of a book,’ thought Alice ‘without pictures or
There was nothing so VERY remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it so
Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had
In another moment down went Alice after it, never once considering how
dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think
‘Well!’ thought Alice to herself, ‘after such a fall as this, I shall
thousand miles down, I think--’ (for, you see, Alice had learnt several
or Longitude I’ve got to?’ (Alice had no idea what Latitude was, or
Down, down, down. There was nothing else to do, so Alice soon began
like a mouse, you know. But do cats eat bats, I wonder?’ And here Alice
Alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up on to her feet in a moment:
There was not a moment to be lost: away went Alice like the wind, and
Alice had been all the way down one side and up the other, trying every
glass; there was nothing on it except a tiny golden key, and Alice’s
Alice opened the door and found that it led into a small passage, not
doorway; ‘and even if my head would go through,’ thought poor Alice, ‘it
that Alice had begun to think that very few things indeed were really
before,’ said Alice,) and round the neck of the bottle was a paper
It was all very well to say ‘Drink me,’ but the wise little Alice was
However, this bottle was NOT marked ‘poison,’ so Alice ventured to taste
‘What a curious feeling!’ said Alice; ‘I must be shutting up like a
Alice to herself, ‘in my going out altogether, like a candle. I wonder
into the garden at once; but, alas for poor Alice! when she got to the
‘Come, there’s no use in crying like that!’ said Alice to herself,
‘But it’s no use now,’ thought poor Alice, ‘to pretend to be two people!
Alice, ‘and if it makes me grow larger, I can reach the key; and if it
size: to be sure, this generally happens when one eats cake, but Alice
‘Curiouser and curiouser!’ cried Alice (she was so much surprised, that
kind to them,’ thought Alice, ‘or perhaps they won’t walk the way I want
Poor Alice! It was as much as she could do, lying down on one side, to
‘You ought to be ashamed of yourself,’ said Alice, ‘a great girl like
Oh! won’t she be savage if I’ve kept her waiting!’ Alice felt so
Alice took up the fan and gloves, and, as the hall was very hot, she
‘I’m sure those are not the right words,’ said poor Alice, and her eyes
till I’m somebody else”--but, oh dear!’ cried Alice, with a sudden burst
‘That WAS a narrow escape!’ said Alice, a good deal frightened at the
railway,’ she said to herself. (Alice had been to the seaside once in
‘I wish I hadn’t cried so much!’ said Alice, as she swam about, trying
‘Would it be of any use, now,’ thought Alice, ‘to speak to this mouse?
of swimming about here, O Mouse!’ (Alice thought this must be the right
‘Perhaps it doesn’t understand English,’ thought Alice; ‘I daresay it’s
her knowledge of history, Alice had no very clear notion how long ago
‘Oh, I beg your pardon!’ cried Alice hastily, afraid that she had hurt
‘Well, perhaps not,’ said Alice in a soothing tone: ‘don’t be angry
thing,’ Alice went on, half to herself, as she swam lazily about in the
Alice again, for this time the Mouse was bristling all over, and she
‘I won’t indeed!’ said Alice, in a great hurry to change the subject of
answer, so Alice went on eagerly: ‘There is such a nice little dog near
says it kills all the rats and--oh dear!’ cried Alice in a sorrowful
face was quite pale (with passion, Alice thought), and it said in a low
a Lory and an Eaglet, and several other curious creatures. Alice led the
to Alice to find herself talking familiarly with them, as if she had
you, and must know better’; and this Alice would not allow without
in the middle. Alice kept her eyes anxiously fixed on it, for she felt
to Alice as it spoke.
‘As wet as ever,’ said Alice in a melancholy tone: ‘it doesn’t seem to
‘What IS a Caucus-race?’ said Alice; not that she wanted much to know,
‘Why, SHE, of course,’ said the Dodo, pointing to Alice with one finger;
Alice had no idea what to do, and in despair she put her hand in her
your pocket?’ he went on, turning to Alice.
‘Only a thimble,’ said Alice sadly.
Alice thought the whole thing very absurd, but they all looked so grave
‘You promised to tell me your history, you know,’ said Alice, ‘and why
‘Mine is a long and a sad tale!’ said the Mouse, turning to Alice, and
‘It IS a long tail, certainly,’ said Alice, looking down with wonder at
‘You are not attending!’ said the Mouse to Alice severely. ‘What are you
‘I beg your pardon,’ said Alice very humbly: ‘you had got to the fifth
‘A knot!’ said Alice, always ready to make herself useful, and looking
‘I didn’t mean it!’ pleaded poor Alice. ‘But you’re so easily offended,
‘Please come back and finish your story!’ Alice called after it; and the
‘I wish I had our Dinah here, I know I do!’ said Alice aloud, addressing
Alice replied eagerly, for she was always ready to talk about her pet:
On various pretexts they all moved off, and Alice was soon left alone.
any more!’ And here poor Alice began to cry again, for she felt very
ferrets! Where CAN I have dropped them, I wonder?’ Alice guessed in a
Very soon the Rabbit noticed Alice, as she went hunting about, and
Quick, now!’ And Alice was so much frightened that she ran off at once
‘How queer it seems,’ Alice said to herself, ‘to be going messages for
began fancying the sort of thing that would happen: ‘“Miss Alice! Come
think,’ Alice went on, ‘that they’d let Dinah stop in the house if it
Luckily for Alice, the little magic bottle had now had its full effect,
‘It was much pleasanter at home,’ thought poor Alice, ‘when one wasn’t
‘But then,’ thought Alice, ‘shall I NEVER get any older than I am
‘Oh, you foolish Alice!’ she answered herself. ‘How can you learn
Then came a little pattering of feet on the stairs. Alice knew it was
the door opened inwards, and Alice’s elbow was pressed hard against it,
that attempt proved a failure. Alice heard it say to itself ‘Then I’ll
‘THAT you won’t’ thought Alice, and, after waiting till she fancied
There was a long silence after this, and Alice could only hear whispers
cucumber-frames there must be!’ thought Alice. ‘I wonder what they’ll do
‘Oh! So Bill’s got to come down the chimney, has he?’ said Alice to
Alice,) ‘Well, I hardly know--No more, thank ye; I’m better now--but I’m
‘We must burn the house down!’ said the Rabbit’s voice; and Alice called
There was a dead silence instantly, and Alice thought to herself, ‘I
Alice heard the Rabbit say, ‘A barrowful will do, to begin with.’
‘A barrowful of WHAT?’ thought Alice; but she had not long to doubt,
Alice noticed with some surprise that the pebbles were all turning into
something out of a bottle. They all made a rush at Alice the moment she
‘The first thing I’ve got to do,’ said Alice to herself, as she wandered
said Alice, in a coaxing tone, and she tried hard to whistle to it; but
and made believe to worry it; then Alice dodged behind a great thistle,
over heels in its hurry to get hold of it; then Alice, thinking it was
This seemed to Alice a good opportunity for making her escape; so she
‘And yet what a dear little puppy it was!’ said Alice, as she leant
The great question certainly was, what? Alice looked all round her at
The Caterpillar and Alice looked at each other for some time in silence:
This was not an encouraging opening for a conversation. Alice replied,
‘I can’t explain MYSELF, I’m afraid, sir’ said Alice, ‘because I’m not
‘I’m afraid I can’t put it more clearly,’ Alice replied very politely,
‘Well, perhaps you haven’t found it so yet,’ said Alice; ‘but when you
‘Well, perhaps your feelings may be different,’ said Alice; ‘all I know
Alice felt a little irritated at the Caterpillar’s making such VERY
Here was another puzzling question; and as Alice could not think of any
This sounded promising, certainly: Alice turned and came back again.
‘Is that all?’ said Alice, swallowing down her anger as well as she
Alice thought she might as well wait, as she had nothing else to do, and
‘I’m afraid I am, sir,’ said Alice; ‘I can’t remember things as I
different!’ Alice replied in a very melancholy voice.
Alice folded her hands, and began:--
‘Not QUITE right, I’m afraid,’ said Alice, timidly; ‘some of the words
‘Oh, I’m not particular as to size,’ Alice hastily replied; ‘only one
Alice said nothing: she had never been so much contradicted in her life
said Alice: ‘three inches is such a wretched height to be.’
‘But I’m not used to it!’ pleaded poor Alice in a piteous tone. And
This time Alice waited patiently until it chose to speak again. In
‘One side of WHAT? The other side of WHAT?’ thought Alice to herself.
Alice remained looking thoughtfully at the mushroom for a minute, trying
‘Come, my head’s free at last!’ said Alice in a tone of delight, which
‘What CAN all that green stuff be?’ said Alice. ‘And where HAVE my
‘I’m NOT a serpent!’ said Alice indignantly. ‘Let me alone!’
‘I haven’t the least idea what you’re talking about,’ said Alice.
Alice was more and more puzzled, but she thought there was no use in
‘I’m very sorry you’ve been annoyed,’ said Alice, who was beginning to
‘But I’m NOT a serpent, I tell you!’ said Alice. ‘I’m a--I’m a--’
‘I--I’m a little girl,’ said Alice, rather doubtfully, as she remembered
‘I HAVE tasted eggs, certainly,’ said Alice, who was a very truthful
This was such a new idea to Alice, that she was quite silent for a
‘It matters a good deal to ME,’ said Alice hastily; ‘but I’m not looking
down again into its nest. Alice crouched down among the trees as well as
there,’ thought Alice, ‘it’ll never do to come upon them THIS size: why,
frog; and both footmen, Alice noticed, had powdered hair that curled all
Alice laughed so much at this, that she had to run back into the
Alice went timidly up to the door, and knocked.
‘Please, then,’ said Alice, ‘how am I to get in?’
Alice thought decidedly uncivil. ‘But perhaps he can’t help it,’ she
‘How am I to get in?’ asked Alice again, in a louder tone.
It was, no doubt: only Alice did not like to be told so. ‘It’s really
‘But what am I to do?’ said Alice.
‘Oh, there’s no use in talking to him,’ said Alice desperately: ‘he’s
‘There’s certainly too much pepper in that soup!’ Alice said to herself,
‘Please would you tell me,’ said Alice, a little timidly, for she was
She said the last word with such sudden violence that Alice quite
‘I don’t know of any that do,’ Alice said very politely, feeling quite
Alice did not at all like the tone of this remark, and thought it would
‘Oh, PLEASE mind what you’re doing!’ cried Alice, jumping up and down in
‘Which would NOT be an advantage,’ said Alice, who felt very glad to get
Alice glanced rather anxiously at the cook, to see if she meant to take
that Alice could hardly hear the words:--
‘Here! you may nurse it a bit, if you like!’ the Duchess said to Alice,
Alice caught the baby with some difficulty, as it was a queer-shaped
like a star-fish,’ thought Alice. The poor little thing was snorting
thought Alice, ‘they’re sure to kill it in a day or two: wouldn’t it be
‘Don’t grunt,’ said Alice; ‘that’s not at all a proper way of expressing
The baby grunted again, and Alice looked very anxiously into its face to
eyes were getting extremely small for a baby: altogether Alice did not
said Alice, seriously, ‘I’ll have nothing more to do with you. Mind
Alice was just beginning to think to herself, ‘Now, what am I to do with
The Cat only grinned when it saw Alice. It looked good-natured, she
‘Come, it’s pleased so far,’ thought Alice, and she went on. ‘Would you
‘I don’t much care where--’ said Alice.
‘--so long as I get SOMEWHERE,’ Alice added as an explanation.
Alice felt that this could not be denied, so she tried another question.
‘But I don’t want to go among mad people,’ Alice remarked.
‘How do you know I’m mad?’ said Alice.
Alice didn’t think that proved it at all; however, she went on ‘And how
‘I suppose so,’ said Alice.
‘I call it purring, not growling,’ said Alice.
‘I should like it very much,’ said Alice, ‘but I haven’t been invited
Alice was not much surprised at this, she was getting so used to queer
‘It turned into a pig,’ Alice quietly said, just as if it had come back
Alice waited a little, half expecting to see it again, but it did not
‘I said pig,’ replied Alice; ‘and I wish you wouldn’t keep appearing and
‘Well! I’ve often seen a cat without a grin,’ thought Alice; ‘but a grin
uncomfortable for the Dormouse,’ thought Alice; ‘only, as it’s asleep, I
one corner of it: ‘No room! No room!’ they cried out when they saw Alice
coming. ‘There’s PLENTY of room!’ said Alice indignantly, and she sat
Alice looked all round the table, but there was nothing on it but tea.
‘Then it wasn’t very civil of you to offer it,’ said Alice angrily.
‘I didn’t know it was YOUR table,’ said Alice; ‘it’s laid for a great
‘Your hair wants cutting,’ said the Hatter. He had been looking at Alice
‘You should learn not to make personal remarks,’ Alice said with some
‘Come, we shall have some fun now!’ thought Alice. ‘I’m glad they’ve
‘Exactly so,’ said Alice.
‘I do,’ Alice hastily replied; ‘at least--at least I mean what I
conversation dropped, and the party sat silent for a minute, while Alice
is it?’ he said, turning to Alice: he had taken his watch out of his
Alice considered a little, and then said ‘The fourth.’
Alice had been looking over his shoulder with some curiosity. ‘What a
‘Of course not,’ Alice replied very readily: ‘but that’s because it
Alice felt dreadfully puzzled. The Hatter’s remark seemed to have no
‘Have you guessed the riddle yet?’ the Hatter said, turning to Alice
‘No, I give it up,’ Alice replied: ‘what’s the answer?’
Alice sighed wearily. ‘I think you might do something better with the
‘I don’t know what you mean,’ said Alice.
‘Perhaps not,’ Alice cautiously replied: ‘but I know I have to beat time
‘That would be grand, certainly,’ said Alice thoughtfully: ‘but then--I
‘Is that the way YOU manage?’ Alice asked.
‘I’ve heard something like it,’ said Alice.
‘How dreadfully savage!’ exclaimed Alice.
A bright idea came into Alice’s head. ‘Is that the reason so many
‘Then you keep moving round, I suppose?’ said Alice.
‘But what happens when you come to the beginning again?’ Alice ventured
‘I’m afraid I don’t know one,’ said Alice, rather alarmed at the
‘Yes, please do!’ pleaded Alice.
‘What did they live on?’ said Alice, who always took a great interest in
‘They couldn’t have done that, you know,’ Alice gently remarked; ‘they’d
Alice tried to fancy to herself what such an extraordinary ways of
‘Take some more tea,’ the March Hare said to Alice, very earnestly.
‘I’ve had nothing yet,’ Alice replied in an offended tone, ‘so I can’t
‘Nobody asked YOUR opinion,’ said Alice.
Alice did not quite know what to say to this: so she helped herself
‘There’s no such thing!’ Alice was beginning very angrily, but the
‘No, please go on!’ Alice said very humbly; ‘I won’t interrupt again. I
‘What did they draw?’ said Alice, quite forgetting her promise.
moved into the Dormouse’s place, and Alice rather unwillingly took
advantage from the change: and Alice was a good deal worse off than
Alice did not wish to offend the Dormouse again, so she began very
‘But they were IN the well,’ Alice said to the Dormouse, not choosing to
This answer so confused poor Alice, that she let the Dormouse go on for
‘Why with an M?’ said Alice.
Alice was silent.
‘Really, now you ask me,’ said Alice, very much confused, ‘I don’t
This piece of rudeness was more than Alice could bear: she got up in
‘At any rate I’ll never go THERE again!’ said Alice as she picked her
painting them red. Alice thought this a very curious thing, and she went
things--’ when his eye chanced to fall upon Alice, as she stood watching
‘Would you tell me,’ said Alice, a little timidly, ‘why you are painting
and Alice looked round, eager to see the Queen.
them Alice recognised the White Rabbit: it was talking in a hurried
Alice was rather doubtful whether she ought not to lie down on her face
When the procession came opposite to Alice, they all stopped and looked
Alice, she went on, ‘What’s your name, child?’
‘My name is Alice, so please your Majesty,’ said Alice very politely;
‘How should I know?’ said Alice, surprised at her own courage. ‘It’s no
‘Nonsense!’ said Alice, very loudly and decidedly, and the Queen was
to Alice for protection.
‘You shan’t be beheaded!’ said Alice, and she put them into a large
The soldiers were silent, and looked at Alice, as the question was
‘Yes!’ shouted Alice.
‘Come on, then!’ roared the Queen, and Alice joined the procession,
‘Very,’ said Alice: ‘--where’s the Duchess?’
‘What for?’ said Alice.
‘No, I didn’t,’ said Alice: ‘I don’t think it’s at all a pity. I said
‘She boxed the Queen’s ears--’ the Rabbit began. Alice gave a little
began. Alice thought she had never seen such a curious croquet-ground in
The chief difficulty Alice found at first was in managing her flamingo:
and walking off to other parts of the ground, Alice soon came to the
Alice began to feel very uneasy: to be sure, she had not as yet had any
Alice waited till the eyes appeared, and then nodded. ‘It’s no use
of them.’ In another minute the whole head appeared, and then Alice put
‘I don’t think they play at all fairly,’ Alice began, in rather a
‘Not at all,’ said Alice: ‘she’s so extremely--’ Just then she noticed
‘Who ARE you talking to?’ said the King, going up to Alice, and looking
‘It’s a friend of mine--a Cheshire Cat,’ said Alice: ‘allow me to
He got behind Alice as he spoke.
‘A cat may look at a king,’ said Alice. ‘I’ve read that in some book,
Alice thought she might as well go back, and see how the game was going
to Alice an excellent opportunity for croqueting one of them with the
other side of the garden, where Alice could see it trying in a helpless
matter much,’ thought Alice, ‘as all the arches are gone from this side
The moment Alice appeared, she was appealed to by all three to settle
Alice could think of nothing else to say but ‘It belongs to the Duchess:
said the Duchess, as she tucked her arm affectionately into Alice’s, and
Alice was very glad to find her in such a pleasant temper, and thought
‘Perhaps it hasn’t one,’ Alice ventured to remark.
you can find it.’ And she squeezed herself up closer to Alice’s side as
Alice did not much like keeping so close to her: first, because the
right height to rest her chin upon Alice’s shoulder, and it was an
‘Somebody said,’ Alice whispered, ‘that it’s done by everybody minding
sharp little chin into Alice’s shoulder as she added, ‘and the moral
‘How fond she is of finding morals in things!’ Alice thought to herself.
‘HE might bite,’ Alice cautiously replied, not feeling at all anxious to
‘Only mustard isn’t a bird,’ Alice remarked.
‘It’s a mineral, I THINK,’ said Alice.
everything that Alice said; ‘there’s a large mustard-mine near here. And
‘Oh, I know!’ exclaimed Alice, who had not attended to this last remark,
‘I think I should understand that better,’ Alice said very politely, ‘if
Alice.
‘A cheap sort of present!’ thought Alice. ‘I’m glad they don’t give
‘I’ve a right to think,’ said Alice sharply, for she was beginning to
But here, to Alice’s great surprise, the Duchess’s voice died away, even
into hers began to tremble. Alice looked up, and there stood the Queen
‘Let’s go on with the game,’ the Queen said to Alice; and Alice was
players, except the King, the Queen, and Alice, were in custody and
Then the Queen left off, quite out of breath, and said to Alice, ‘Have
‘No,’ said Alice. ‘I don’t even know what a Mock Turtle is.’
‘I never saw one, or heard of one,’ said Alice.
As they walked off together, Alice heard the King say in a low voice,
executions I have ordered’; and she walked off, leaving Alice alone with
the Gryphon. Alice did not quite like the look of the creature, but on
half to itself, half to Alice.
‘What IS the fun?’ said Alice.
‘Everybody says “come on!” here,’ thought Alice, as she went slowly
nearer, Alice could hear him sighing as if his heart would break. She
So they sat down, and nobody spoke for some minutes. Alice thought to
heavy sobbing of the Mock Turtle. Alice was very nearly getting up and
‘Why did you call him Tortoise, if he wasn’t one?’ Alice asked.
Alice, who felt ready to sink into the earth. At last the Gryphon said
‘I never said I didn’t!’ interrupted Alice.
‘Hold your tongue!’ added the Gryphon, before Alice could speak again.
‘I’VE been to a day-school, too,’ said Alice; ‘you needn’t be so proud
‘Yes,’ said Alice, ‘we learned French and music.’
‘Certainly not!’ said Alice indignantly.
‘You couldn’t have wanted it much,’ said Alice; ‘living at the bottom of
‘What was that?’ inquired Alice.
‘I never heard of “Uglification,”’ Alice ventured to say. ‘What is it?’
‘Yes,’ said Alice doubtfully: ‘it means--to--make--anything--prettier.’
Alice did not feel encouraged to ask any more questions about it, so she
‘What was THAT like?’ said Alice.
‘And how many hours a day did you do lessons?’ said Alice, in a hurry to
‘What a curious plan!’ exclaimed Alice.
This was quite a new idea to Alice, and she thought it over a little
‘And how did you manage on the twelfth?’ Alice went on eagerly.
his eyes. He looked at Alice, and tried to speak, but for a minute or
Alice)--‘and perhaps you were never even introduced to a lobster--’
(Alice began to say ‘I once tasted--’ but checked herself hastily, and
‘No, indeed,’ said Alice. ‘What sort of a dance is it?’
and quietly, and looked at Alice.
‘It must be a very pretty dance,’ said Alice timidly.
‘Very much indeed,’ said Alice.
So they began solemnly dancing round and round Alice, every now and
‘Thank you, it’s a very interesting dance to watch,’ said Alice, feeling
‘Yes,’ said Alice, ‘I’ve often seen them at dinn--’ she checked herself
‘I believe so,’ Alice replied thoughtfully. ‘They have their tails in
‘Thank you,’ said Alice, ‘it’s very interesting. I never knew so much
‘I never thought about it,’ said Alice. ‘Why?’
Alice was thoroughly puzzled. ‘Does the boots and shoes!’ she repeated
Alice looked down at them, and considered a little before she gave her
‘And what are they made of?’ Alice asked in a tone of great curiosity.
‘If I’d been the whiting,’ said Alice, whose thoughts were still running
‘Wouldn’t it really?’ said Alice in a tone of great surprise.
‘Don’t you mean “purpose”?’ said Alice.
Alice a little timidly: ‘but it’s no use going back to yesterday,
So Alice began telling them her adventures from the time when she first
authority over Alice.
thought Alice; ‘I might as well be at school at once.’ However, she
Alice said nothing; she had sat down with her face in her hands,
‘It’s the first position in dancing.’ Alice said; but was dreadfully
Alice did not dare to disobey, though she felt sure it would all come
‘Yes, I think you’d better leave off,’ said the Gryphon: and Alice was
‘Oh, a song, please, if the Mock Turtle would be so kind,’ Alice
‘Come on!’ cried the Gryphon, and, taking Alice by the hand, it hurried
‘What trial is it?’ Alice panted as she ran; but the Gryphon only
that it made Alice quite hungry to look at them--‘I wish they’d get the
Alice had never been in a court of justice before, but she had read
‘And that’s the jury-box,’ thought Alice, ‘and those twelve creatures,’
doing?’ Alice whispered to the Gryphon. ‘They can’t have anything to put
‘Stupid things!’ Alice began in a loud, indignant voice, but she stopped
Alice could see, as well as if she were looking over their shoulders,
muddle their slates’ll be in before the trial’s over!’ thought Alice.
One of the jurors had a pencil that squeaked. This of course, Alice
Just at this moment Alice felt a very curious sensation, which puzzled
‘I can’t help it,’ said Alice very meekly: ‘I’m growing.’
‘Don’t talk nonsense,’ said Alice more boldly: ‘you know you’re growing
‘I’m glad I’ve seen that done,’ thought Alice. ‘I’ve so often read
‘Come, that finished the guinea-pigs!’ thought Alice. ‘Now we shall get
her hand, and Alice guessed who it was, even before she got into the
Alice watched the White Rabbit as he fumbled over the list, feeling very
name ‘Alice!’
CHAPTER XII. Alice’s Evidence
‘Here!’ cried Alice, quite forgetting in the flurry of the moment how
great emphasis, looking hard at Alice as he said do.
Alice looked at the jury-box, and saw that, in her haste, she had put
‘What do you know about this business?’ the King said to Alice.
‘Nothing,’ said Alice.
‘Nothing whatever,’ said Alice.
Alice could see this, as she was near enough to look over their slates;
Everybody looked at Alice.
‘I’M not a mile high,’ said Alice.
‘Well, I shan’t go, at any rate,’ said Alice: ‘besides, that’s not a
‘Then it ought to be Number One,’ said Alice.
‘It proves nothing of the sort!’ said Alice. ‘Why, you don’t even know
‘If any one of them can explain it,’ said Alice, (she had grown so large
‘But, it goes on “THEY ALL RETURNED FROM HIM TO YOU,”’ said Alice.
‘Stuff and nonsense!’ said Alice loudly. ‘The idea of having the
‘I won’t!’ said Alice.
‘Who cares for you?’ said Alice, (she had grown to her full size by this
‘Wake up, Alice dear!’ said her sister; ‘Why, what a long sleep you’ve
‘Oh, I’ve had such a curious dream!’ said Alice, and she told her
Alice got up and ran off, thinking while she ran, as well she might,
hand, watching the setting sun, and thinking of little Alice and all her
First, she dreamed of little Alice herself, and once again the tiny
